Add Warning on next Export, if using getInitialProps (#14499)
vercel/next.js: errors/getinitialprops-export.md

> # getInitialProps Export Warning
> 
> #### Why This Warning Occurred
> 
> You attempted to statically export your application via `next export`, however, one or more of your pages uses `getInitialProps`.
> 
> Next.js discourage you to use `getInitialProps`.
> 
> #### Possible Ways to Fix It
> 
> Next.js has a proper SSG support, so usage of `next export` should always be paired with `getStaticProps`.
> 
> #### Useful Links
> 
> - [`getStaticProps` documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getstaticprops-static-generation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# getInitialProps Export Warning

#### Why This Warning Occurred

You attempted to statically export your application via `next export`, however, one or more of your pages are using `getInitialProps`.

The use of `getInitialProps` has been discouraged since the release of `getStaticProps`.

#### Possible Ways to Fix It

Next.js has built-in support for Static Generation using `getStaticProps`. Statically exporting your app with `next export` should leverage `getStaticProps` instead.

#### Useful Links

- [`getStaticProps` documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getstaticprops-static-generation)
```
